How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    Fill in your answer here
    
The process of finding a bug take much less time than if you tryed to find it
in a long file examining each line. Using diff shows exactly where the change
takes place.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Fill in your answer here
Having easy access to the entire history of a file besides of saving a los of
time can helop you see the progress you making and easy to find and correct all
the mistakes.
 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Fill in your answer here
One of the advantages of manually commiting the changes to the document is that
the commit can be done after the right change was made. On the other hand,
having changes automatically done is save if you forget to do it manually. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Fill in your answer here
Sometimes changes affects multiple files so it make  sense to save multiple 
files in one commit.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Fill in your answer here
Use git log to view the details of all the commits: ID, date and time, author,
short description.
Use git diff to compare two versions: previous and recent, typing IDs old first
and new second.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Fill in your answer here
Using git checkout command unables to see how the programm was running before 
changes were made(previous commits) and can spot exactly where the code was
changed and the bug was introduced. 
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
I would like to use git to connect with github and work on some of my projects.